#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==6.7.1
    # via unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
emoji==2.10.1
    # via unstructured
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
joblib==1.3.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain-community==0.0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.1.33
    # via langchain-community
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.31
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.1.0
    # via unstructured
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
openai==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   unstructured-client
playwright==1.42.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pyee==11.0.1
    # via playwright
pypdf==4.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2024.2.7
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rapidfuzz==3.6.2
    # via unstructured
regex==2023.12.25
    # via nltk
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via langchain-community
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
unstructured==0.12.5
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.22.0
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
